If you run tmtest -d on a disabled test, it produces a tiny diff with the
word "Disabled" in its stderr.  If you blindly pipe this diff to patch,
it will destroy the output section of your test file.  This is easy enough
to fix -- just re-enable the test and patch it again.  This will be
fixed in tmtest 1.2 when we parse the status file asynchronously.  We
will notice that the test is disabled and refuse to produce the diff.


Bash Gotchas:

These are bugs that tmtest inherits from Bash:

Bash3 has removed the ability to set LINENO, so you may see the
wrong line number be printed if there's an error.  If you want to
see the correct line numbers, use Bash2.  It's an unfortunate
regression but since it only affects tests scripts being piped
on stdin it won't affect many people.


The <<-EOL operator strips ALL tabs from the front of each line.
This is bad because it means you can't nest heredocs:

	cmd1 <<-EOL
		cmd2 <<-EOL
			cmd3
		EOL
	EOL

The first heredoc flattens everything and then the EOLs get mixed up.
Sometimes you can work around this by renaming your EOL words,
sometimes you can't.

Another problem is that Bash ONLY strips tabs.  This makes it a royal
pain to edit heredocs in an editor that expands tabs.  Thanks to
how common Python is becoming, many editors are expanding tabs now!
If you edit a bash script with an editor that automatically expands
tabs, you may destroy the heredoc even though you never even saw it!
Invisible syntax problems always suck.

What bash *SHOULD* do (and what tmtest did before it was integrated
with Bash) is discover the whitespace sequence indenting the
first line of a heredoc, then remove exactly that sequence from all
subsequent lines.  If a line doesn't begin with that sequence, then
it remains unchanged.  This is safer and more useful than just blowing away
all tabs wholesale!


Strange Bashisms:

Why does &> redirect both stdout and stderr to a file, but &| doesn't
redirect both stdout and stderr to a pipe?

Why is the unset command totally unrelated to the set command?

Why can I "exec > file" but I can't "exec | prog"?
